Fix: Struct to Interface (#8)
emerauth/emerauth: docs/2-configuration.md

> [!WARNING]
> The resource `/auth/*` may look like a URI resource, but it has nothing to do with HTTP. It is just an identifier, a literal string that can be later used to set it apart from other resources.

A resource is not bound to a protocol. As long as its identifier (name) and its options match, they can define HTTP resources, gRPC resources, graphQL resources, etc.

## Resource Group

These resources by themselves cannot do much. We need to group them so we can identify what user context they're part of. For example, the following resources:

```clj
{"/auth" {:methods ["post" "put"]}
 "/home" {:methods ["get"]}
 "/store" {:methods ["get"]}
 "/store/:product" {:methods ["get"]}
 "/marketplace" {:methods ["get"]}
 "/marketplace/:product" {:methods ["get" "post" "put" "delete"]}}
```

can be grouped and contextualized as:

```clj
{:public {"/auth" {:methods ["post"]}
          "/home" {:methods ["get"]}}

 :protected {"/auth" {:methods ["put"]}
             "/store" {:methods ["get"]}}

 :marketplace {"/marketplace" {:methods ["get"]}
               "/marketplace/:product" {:methods ["get" "post" "put" "delete"]}}}
```

> The `:public` and `:protected` resource groups are registered keywords for Emerauth. They are, respectively, resources that anyone can access, and resources that only signedin users can access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `:public` and `:protected` resource groups are registered keywords for Emerauth. They are, respectively, resources that anyone can access, and resources that only signed in users can access.
```

## App

> An app is anything that can request Emerauth to authorize an user towards a resource. They are defined simply for identification, and should be mirrored when requested from withing the applications/services themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An app is anything that can request Emerauth to authorize an user towards a resource. They are defined simply for identification, and should be mirrored when requested from within the applications/services themselves.
```

> [!WARNING]
> The resource `/auth/*` may look like a URI resource, but it has nothing to do with HTTP. It is just an identifier, a literal string that can be later used to set it apart from other resources.

A resource is not bound to a protocol. As long as its identifier (name) and its options match, they can define HTTP resources, gRPC resources, graphQL resources, etc.

## Resource Group

These resources by themselves cannot do much. We need to group them so we can identify what user context they're part of. For example, the following resources:

```clj
{"/auth" {:methods ["post" "put"]}
 "/home" {:methods ["get"]}
 "/store" {:methods ["get"]}
 "/store/:product" {:methods ["get"]}
 "/marketplace" {:methods ["get"]}
 "/marketplace/:product" {:methods ["get" "post" "put" "delete"]}}
```

can be grouped and contextualized as:

```clj
{:public {"/auth" {:methods ["post"]}
          "/home" {:methods ["get"]}}

 :protected {"/auth" {:methods ["put"]}
             "/store" {:methods ["get"]}}

 :marketplace {"/marketplace" {:methods ["get"]}
               "/marketplace/:product" {:methods ["get" "post" "put" "delete"]}}}
```

> The `:public` and `:protected` resource groups are registered keywords for Emerauth. They are, respectively, resources that anyone can access, and resources that only signedin users can access.

Reviewer: Fix typo: "signed in" instead

Author: Since these changes aren't trivial, please make a change suggestion! Valid for the other reviewed section as well.

![image](https://github.com/emerauth/emerauth/assets/41875891/b3817723-7c21-4389-b5af-eb6f9f52a6b3)

Anyways, thanks for the review!

Author: Also, when doing reviews on multiple files, please don't send each one separately. Write your review for each problem you encounter, and then send everything as a single review.

## App

> An app is anything that can request Emerauth to authorize an user towards a resource. They are defined simply for identification, and should be mirrored when requested from withing the applications/services themselves.

Reviewer: Fix typo: "within" instead
